a:1:{s:2:"en";a:710:{s:40:"USER_FORM_ADMIN_SIGNUP_TERMS_DESCRIPTION";s:194:"Require members to agree to your terms of service?  You can modifying your terms of service by editing the _CORE_TERMS_OF_SERVICE language variable in the application/languages/en/core.csv file.";s:33:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_COMMENTED_CORE_LINK";s:47:"When someone comments on a link I commented on.";s:31:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_COMMENT_CORE_LINK";s:41:"When someone comments on one of my links.";s:29:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_LIKED_CORE_LINK";s:40:"When someone comments on a link I liked.";s:28:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_LIKE_CORE_LINK";s:35:"When someone likes one of my links.";s:34:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_VIDEO_EMBEDVIEWS";s:26:"Video Views from Embedding";s:25:"_CORE_CONTACT_DESCRIPTION";s:94:"If you want to ask us a question directly, please submit your message with the following form.";s:26:"_CORE_HELP_CONTACT_MESSAGE";s:116:"Name: %1$s
Email: %2$s
Member Info: (%3$s - %4$s)
IP: %5$s
User-agent: %6$s
Timestamp: %7$s
Message:
    %8$s";s:23:"_CORE_PRIVACY_STATEMENT";s:157:"Please refer to the Terms and Conditions located at http://parental.guidanceguide.com/help/terms

In short - we will protect your data like it was our own.";s:22:"_CORE_TERMS_OF_SERVICE";s:48697:"Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the services offered by Guidance Guide LLC (Parental Guidance).

INTRODUCTION
This Agreement contains the complete terms and conditions that apply to your participation in our site. The Agreement describes and encompasses the entire agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content and computer programs provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. If you wish to become a member of this social networking website and communicate with other members, please read these terms of use carefully before using our site and its services. By accessing this site or using any part of the site or any content or services hereof, you agree to become bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions, then you may not access the site or use the content or any services in the site. Amendments to this agreement can be made and effected by us from time to time without specific notice to your end. Agreement posted on the Site reflects the latest agreement and you should carefully review the same before you use our site.

USE OF THE SITE & PROHIBITIONS
This site allows you to join social networks, gain friends, mingle with other members express your thoughts, and make some comments and discussion, and communicate with other members. You understand and agree, however, that you will use this site including its tools and services with full sense of responsibility and in a manner that is consistent with these Terms and in such a way as to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. You agree that you will use the site and its services in compliance with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations, including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence and all United States export control laws.

Guidance Guide, in its sole discretion, has the right to remove content and suspend, terminate, deactivate or refuse registration or access to your account at any time, without notice and without liability, for any reason, including but not limited to violation of this Agreement, infringing on Intellectual Property and inactivity.

We reserve the right to monitor and review your account, content and activity for compliance with this Agreement. We may terminate or suspend your account or ability to use the service if you breach this Agreement, and we may remove any content that is unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property rights.

You may view, download for collection purposes only, and print pages or other contents from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms of use.
● (a) you must not use our sites, including its services and or tools if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18, or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our sites, services, or tools
● (b) you should not post any blogs, items, messages, and or contents that are inappropriate and fails to observe sense of decency and or would offend other persons;
● (c) you must not republish, sell, rent or sub-license any materials from this website including republication on another website;
● (d) you must not collect and disclose information about users’ personal information;
● (e) you must not reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose
● (f) you must not post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, or libelous content;
● (g) you must not take any action that may damage the rating or badge system.
● (h) You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in
any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.

REGISTRATION / MEMBER ACCOUNT
As a condition of becoming a member of this social networking website including the use of its tools, applications and services, you are required to register with the site and be required to provide password and user name. You must complete the full registration process and shall provide the site with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your account.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to use the Member Account, Member profile, username, or password of another Member at any time. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your Member Account or Member profile or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your Member Account and Member profile. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. Any information provided by you or gathered by the site or third parties during any visit to the site shall be subject to the terms of Guidance Guide’s Privacy Policy.

In addition, you may not register for more than one Member Account, register for a Member Account on behalf of an individual other than yourself or register a Member Account on behalf of any group or entity. Furthermore, you may not use or attempt to use another's Member Account without authorization from us or create a false identity on our Services.

Guidance Guide PROGRAMS
By joining Guidance Guide llc, members acknowledge that they are not guaranteed to receive anything in return, complimentary products and/or any other promotions or giveaways promoted on this website, emails or social media sites. Members who are selected for the items mentioned above must meet specific requirements for each program, which Guidance Guide may or may not disclose to members. These requirements are solely determined by Guidance Guide and may change at Guidance Guide discretion at any time. Guidance Guide reserves the right to postpone, change and/or cancel any scheduled or running programs at any time.

NON-COMMERCIAL USE BY MEMBERS.
Members on this social networking website are prohibited to use the services of the website in connection with any commercial endeavors or ventures. Juridical persons or entities including but not limited to organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become Members of Guidance Guide and should not use the site for any purpose. Any items you receive as part of an Guidance Guide Program (eg. free products, prizes, etc) are NOT FOR RESALE. All products a members receives from Guidance Guide are meant only for the recipient to test, unless otherwise noted, as in the case where recipients are meant to share with a family member or friend or asked to hold a giveaway. In the case that a member is unable to use a product, he or she may pass along to a friend. In no case is it acceptable for any member to resell a product received through an Guidance Guide Program either online or offline. If a member is found to be exchanging products received via Guidance Guide for cash, his or her membership will be terminated immediately.

LINKS & FRAMINGS
Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Services, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the Sites will be investigated, and appropriate legal action may be taken. Some links, however, are welcome to the site and you are allowed to establish hyperlink to appropriate part within the site provided that: (i) you post your link only within the forum, chat or message board section; (ii) you do not remove or obscure any advertisements, copyright notices or other notices on the placed at the site; (iii) the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site and (iv) you immediately stop providing any links to the site on written notice from us. However, you must check the copyright notice on the homepage to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on our sites.

CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER MATERIALS POSTED BY YOU
You are responsible for the content of your communications, messages and posts, and its consequences. We reserve the right to terminate your registration if we become aware, at our sole discretion, that you are violating any of the guidelines set forth in this agreement and privacy policy. While we want to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas, yet, we do not review postings made in any chat rooms, forums and other public-posting areas on the site. You can expect these areas to include information and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than us. We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or "expert" guest, or from a member of our staff.
By participating in this social networking site, you understand and agree not to post or transmit any material that, in our judgment, is defamatory, abusive, obscene, threatening or unlawful in any way, or any material that infringes on the rights of others or contains any virus or other computer programming routine which may interfere with or damage the site or otherwise interrupt on the ability of others to use or enjoy the same. We reserve the right to delete, move or edit any postings that come to our attention that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or for any other reason. Furthermore, we reserve the right to deny access to anyone who we believe, in our sole discretion, has in any way breached these Terms or where we reasonably believe a user does not comply with any relevant age restrictions on the site. All public posts by members on Guidance Guide.com, including our Product Review pages, become proprietary information for Guidance Guide. Guidance Guide holds the right to share/publish these comments with the public and with clients. Members are in no way obligated to talk, promote or discuss products and brands they experience through Guidance Guide. Should members want to discuss, review, blog, make videos and/or write on social media about products or brands they test complimentary through Guidance Guide , members agree to properly disclose that they received the product complimentary through Guidance Guide and follow all FTC guidelines and regulations. Members who participate in Guidance Guide programs also agree not to post or transmit any material on other websites and social media sites, blogs and videos that, in our judgment, is defamatory, abusive, obscene, threatening or unlawful in any way. All members agree not to use inappropriate language and phrases when on the Guidance Guide website and when participating and communicating about Guidance Guide programs and product sponsors on outside websites, blogs, videos and other platforms.

DISCLOSURE POLICY
Guidance Guide contains product reviews by its members and others, which are given in response to receipt of free products straight from the manufacturers. Neither Guidance Guide or its members are instructed, coached, coerced, paid, or compensated in any fashion in exchange for reviews of manufacturer’s products. All reviews are provided voluntarily, and published for the informational purposes. All members are encouraged to disclose their receipt of free products whenever they make any public statements about them, either through Guidance Guide or independently. Our mission is to provide the best product feedback available anywhere on the web, and it is of the utmost importance to us that we remain as transparent as possible.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND EXCLUSIONS / LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
You represent and warrant that (a) all of the information provided by you to our website to participate in the Service is correct and current; and (b) you have all necessary right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of you hereunder.

You hereby accept and agree that it is beyond our control, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Site or use the Services; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Site or the Services.

It should be noted that the Site or Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. We make no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Site or Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Site or the Services.

Guidance Guide is a distributor only. Products distributed by Guidance Guide are not manufactured by Guidance Guide. The products may, however, be covered by each manufacturer’s warranty, service, and support policy (if present).Guidance Guide assigns and passes through to the customer any warranty of the manufacturer, and you acknowledge that you shall have recourse only under such warranties and only as against the manufacturer of the products. Guidance Guide makes no representation of express warranty with respect to the product except those stated in this document. THE SERVICE, CONTENT, AND SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES GUIDANCE GUIDE MAXIMUM LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO $100. Guidance Guide SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHER CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS IT SELLS WHICH EXCEEDS THIS LIABILITY LIMIT. Guidance Guide SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES AGAINST THE CUSTOMER, OR FOR MALFUNCTION, DELAYS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT Guidance Guide HAS BEEN MADE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH CLAIMS OR DAMAGES.

In addition, we make no representation that the operation of our site will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors. We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinued the site or any part of it at anytime. The information, content and services on the site are provided on an “as is” basis. When you use the site and or participate herein, you understand and agree that you participate at your own risk.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The Web allows people throughout the world to share valuable information, ideas and creative works. To ensure continued open access to such materials, we all need to protect the rights of those who share their creations with us. Although we make the Site freely accessible, we don't intend to give up our rights, or anyone else's rights, to the materials appearing on them. The materials available on the site shall remain the property of Guidance Guide and/or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You acquire no proprietary interest in any such rights. Furthermore, you may not remove or obscure the copyright notice or any other notices contained in the site or anything retrieved or downloaded from them. You hereby acknowledge that all rights, titles and interests, including but not limited to rights covered by the Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the site, and that You will not acquire any right, title, or interest in or to the site except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. You will not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from any of our services, software, or documentation, or create or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to the Program or proprietary information related thereto.

"Public Content" refers to information that you submit or post to or through the site and/or service for public display, such as photos, comments, reviews, and your public profile information. By submitting Public Content or any other content on the site or otherwise through the service, you hereby do and shall grant Guidance Guide a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, copy, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the content in connection with the site, the service and Guidance Guide (and its successors and assigns') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the site (and derivative works thereof) or the service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the site and/or the service a non-exclusive license to access your content through the site and the service, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such content in connection with their use of the site and service.

CONFIDENTIALITY
You agree not to disclose information you obtain from us and or from our clients, advertisers, suppliers and forum members. All information submitted to by an end-user customer pursuant to a Program is proprietary information of Guidance Guide. Such customer information is confidential and may not be disclosed. Publisher agrees not to reproduce, disseminate, sell, distribute or commercially exploit any such proprietary information in any manner.

NON-ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS
Your rights of whatever nature cannot be assigned nor transferred to anybody, and any such attempt may result in termination of this Agreement, without liability to us. However, we may assign this Agreement to any person at any time without notice.

WAIVER AND SEVERABILITY OF TERMS
Failure of the Guidance Guide to insist upon strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and covenants hereof shall not be deemed a relinquishment or waiver of any rights or remedy that the we may have, nor shall it be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the terms, conditions or covenants hereof, which terms, conditions and covenants shall continue to be in full force and effect. No waiver by either party of any breach of any provision hereof shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent or prior breach of the same or any other provision.

In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found invalid or unenforceable pursuant to any judicial decree or decision, such provision shall be deemed to apply only to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Colorado, without any reference to conflict-of-laws principles. The Agreement describes and encompasses the entire agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the contents and materials provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement.

CHOICE OF LAW; JURISDICTION; FORUM
Any dispute, controversy or difference which may arise between the parties out of, in relation to or in connection with this Agreement is hereby irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Denver, to the exclusion of any other courts without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence.

TERM
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website. You may terminate your membership at any time for any reason by following the instructions on the “TERMINATION OF ACCOUNT” in the setting page. We may terminate your membership for any reason at any time. If you are using a paid version of the Service and we terminate your membership in the Service because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused subscription fees. Even after your membership is terminated, certain sections of this Agreement will remain in effect.

STYLE GUIDES
Guidance Guide is a forum for your thoughtful reviews, photos, videos, tips and more. Thus, we've put together these general guidelines for keeping it clean and classy here on our site:
Guidance Guide  REVIEW SECTION
Go Bare: That’s right, bare it all. The best reviews are personal and passionate as well as open and honest. Writing a review of something you received from us? Make sure to disclose that you received the products free from Guidande Guide for testing purposes.

Use Good Taste: We at Guidance Guide pride ourselves on our style, so don’t trash your reputation by using offensive language and imagery. Furthermore, threats, harassment, lewdness, hate speech, and other displays of bigotry will not be tolerated. Stay in Good Form: Let’s save the non sequiturs for the blogosphere. We expect your contributions to be relevant to the product you’re reviewing. Reviews aren't the place for rants about political ideologies, extraordinary circumstances, or other matters that don't address the core of the consumer experience.

Cut Out the Bias: Your contributions should be objective. Don’t review your own business or employer, your friends' or relatives' businesses, or businesses in your networking group.

Say It, Don’t Sell It: Guidance Guide is the power of YOU. Here, consumers have the final word, so let’s not muck up our review section with more commercial noise.

Keep Secrets: Remember the Golden Rule? Please respect the privacy of others. This means refraining from publishing personal information, close-up photos, and full names of any of your friends, enemies, and countrymen.

Innovation, Not Imitation: What you learned in middle school still applies - absolutely NO plagiarism. We want to hear from you, so show us your (own) stuff!

Avoid the Overstatement: It’s easy to get carried away. Please avoid exaggerating or misrepresenting your experience.

Be Picky - Click Hearts with Discretion: These hearts don’t mean whether you “Agree.” Like reviews only when they’re useful, helpful, and truthful. Reviews are sorted by what's most helpful, so make sure new visitors see the ones that shine.

Be Constructive: We all know how disappointing it can be when you buy something only to find it doesn’t work the way you thought it would. While it may be tempting to vent your frustrations here, remember that reviews should relay “what” and “why.” And please, for everyone’s sake, lay off the caps lock.

Be Creative: These reviews weren’t written by robots. Let the “you” shine through!
Have Questions?

Be Curious: Guidance Guide users have the answers. If you want to know more about a product, use the platform. But first, check that your question hasn’t already been asked. It probably has!

Share the Wealth: Think you’ve got the answer? Help out your fellow Guidance Guide BA’s with all the info you’ve got. Your answers should be helpful, honest, and relevant. Spread the knowledge!
*Please be advised that Guidance Guide retains the right to remove any inappropriate content or to revoke membership for Style Guide violations.

Privacy Policy EFFECTIVE AS OF MARCH 10, 2016
Your privacy, and the privacy of all users of Guidance Guide is important to us. Guidance Guide is committed to protecting your privacy online. Accordingly, Guidance Guide has developed this privacy policy that describes how we collect, use, and share your data (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies and procedures of personal information received from users of the Service, including but not limited to the website at www.iguidanceguide.com and the mobile applications created by Guidance Guide including but not limited to The Baby Guy NYC Facebook and IG page and Thebabyguygearguide.com and Jennifer Buske Insta Gram page.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to all site visitors, registered users, and all other users of the Service.

The terms “We”, “Us”, and “Guidance Guide ” refer to the Guidance Guide Service. The terms “You” and “Your” refer to you, as a visitor or user of the Service.

By using the Service, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.

Further, you acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service (“TOS”), which is incorporated by reference, and by accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, and the terms and conditions in our TOS, you may not access or use the Service.

HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information: When registering as a user to the Service, we receive and store information you enter or provide to us in any other way. The types of personal information collected may include your name, email address, URL, phone number, Twitter, Tumblr, Google Plus and/or Facebook usernames, location, use information regarding your use of the Service, browser information, and any other data that is tied to such information (collectively, “Personal Information”). The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile that can be used to interact with other users through the Service, improving the content of the Service, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features. We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Services of our community to your needs, to research the effectiveness of our network and Services, and to develop new tools for the community.

Profiles: “Public Content” refers to information that you submit or post to the Service for public display, such as photos, comments, reviews, and your public profile information. Information Collected Automatically: When you use the Service, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or mobile platform, including your location, IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. This data is treated as non-Personal Information, except as required under applicable law.

HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We provide some of our services through affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties. We may share Public Content, as well as a limited amount of Personal Information (including, but not limited to, your first name, last initial, and location) with third parties, who may in turn publicly display or publish this limited amount of Personal Information in connection with Public Content on their own website and media platforms. However, at any time you may visit the "Account Settings" page of your Member Account and opt-out of having some or all of your Personal Information made available to such third parties as described herein.

We encourage our service partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personal information by our service partners is governed by the privacy policies of those service partners, and is not subject to our control.
We may disclose aggregated information concerning user behavior to third parties in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertising banners.

In the future, may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Service. These companies may use information about your Public Content (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) and activity related to your use of the Service to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

One of the primary reasons people use Guidance Guide is to connect with others. Information such as your name and photo, photos of your items, location, list of friends, and the comments you write is shared with the Guidance Guide community. Individuals reading this information may use it or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in comments or other content (location or otherwise) that you create in the Service.

We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf, such as the creation of shipping labels, and need to share your information with them to provide services to you. Our agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us, and they provide a comparable level of protection for your Personal Information.
Law Enforcement and Protection. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our TOS and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive.

Invite Friends and Contacts. You may choose to provide us with another person's e-mail address or social network profile information so that person may be invited to create an account on this site and become your friend. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person about the invitation. By providing us with another person's e-mail address, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of the person concerned with respect to such disclosure to us of their Personal Information. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above.

Business Transfers. If Guidance Guide or substantially all of Guidance Guide assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we cease business operations or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.

COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We send cookies to your computer or mobile device through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. Most browsers have an option for disabling the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting cookies, as well as (depending on your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of cookies in a variety of ways.

Ads appearing on the Service may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This PrivacyPolicy covers the use of cookies by us and our service providers and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

We use analytics (and related analytics programs) to better understand who is using the Service, and how people are using it. Analytics uses cookies to collect and store anonymous information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the website, IP address, and type of operating system used. We use this information to improve the Service and make it appealing to as many users as possible.

LOCATION INFORMATION
If your location settings are turned on when you use the Service, we use the location information from your mobile device or browser to tailor your experience. We collect and store your last known location to determine your proximity to our service partners. This location information is not shared with third parties. The Service also uses your mobile device’s background location to provide the Service, which allows us to provide you with location-based services, such as location-specific promotions, mobile-based campaign activity capabilities, and other personalized content tailored to you. If you have background location turned on, the mobile application will, from time to time, tell us about your device’s location even if you are not directly interacting with the application.

HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. For more information on Do Not Track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/

SECURITY
Your account is password protected for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password, and limiting access to your computer, phone and browser such as signing off after you have finished accessing your account. We use industry standard measures to protect Personal Information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

The Service may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Service.

INTERNATIONAL USERS
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the Service is located on computer servers in the United States. Therefore, your information may be processed and stored in the United States. As a result, United States federal and state governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through laws applicable in the United States. Your use of the Service or your submission of any Personal Information to us will constitute your consent to the transfer of your Personal Information outside of your home country, including the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country.

CHILDREN
The Service is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor do we knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to submit any Personal Information to us.

PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THIRD PARTIES AND THIRD PARTY SITES
The Service may contain links to third party websites to which we have no affiliation. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other sites accessible through our site via links or service partnerships have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Additionally, other companies may place advertising on our site and may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. 

We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

CONTROL OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
To the extent you include Personal Information in your Public Content (such as a photo of yourself), third parties may be able to identify you, associate you with your account, and contact you. Please do not include information in your Public Content that you expect to keep private.

Third parties can also associate you with your account using the user search and browse features of the Guidance Guide Service, which display your Public Content. Upon your request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to close your account, and cease displaying your Public Content on the Service; nevertheless, we may still retain your Personal Information and your Public Content in our systems. Registered users who wish to close their account should contact us.

CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make material changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement, sending you an email, or updating the Privacy Policy on the site. You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy from time to time in the event changes have been made. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when they use the Service after such changes have been first posted.

Appendix: Guidance Guide LLC Brand Ambassador Agreement

This Brand Ambassador Agreement [the “Agreement”] is entered into between Guidance Guide LLC [“the Company”, “Guidance Guide”, “we”, “us”, “our”] and the person whose name, contact information and signature appears in the electronic signature of this Agreement [“Brand Ambassador”, “BA”, “you” or “your”], and is effective upon BA’s electronic signature [“Effective Date”]. Collectively Company and BA shall be referred to as the “Parties”, or in their singular, “Party”.  

WHEREAS, Company operates an online social platform [the “Site”] that posts, among other things, product reviews and photographs submitted by brand ambassadors and others on behalf of select companies for the benefit of its subscribers and viewers [the “Guidance Guide Community”]; and

WHEREAS, Company wishes to engage Brand Ambassador, and Brand Ambassador wishes to review products for Guidance Guide.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the mutual covenants, conditions, and limitations herein contained, the Parties do hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Services. BA agrees, on a non-exclusive basis, to provide a truthful review and/or endorsement of certain product(s) [“Product” or “Products”] designated by Company, consisting of 100-300 words and 2-3 high-resolution, well-lit images [the “Services”], in exchange for complimentary Product sample(s). All Services must be completed and submitted to the Company within three (3) weeks of receipt of the Product(s). All reviews must state that the Product was complimentary, and all submissions must comply with the Site’s Terms of Use.

Section 2. Compensation. In consideration for the performance of the Services and the rights and releases granted herein, BA shall receive complimentary Product in a quantity to be determined by us in our sole discretion. There shall be no monetary compensation for the Services. BA shall not be reimbursed for any expenses, costs or fees associated with the Services, and none should be incurred in the performance of the Services.

Section 3. No obligation. BA is not obligated to provide the Services for Company, and Company is not obligated to provide BA with an opportunity to provide the Services and may cease providing such opportunities any time in its sole discretion with no obligation to BA. Further, Company does not guaranty that BA’s submission(s) will be published.

Section 4. Restrictions.
        
a. No Misrepresentation. BA will not misrepresent any Product, or intentionally do anything that would lead to any misunderstanding about the Product being reviewed.

b. Intellectual Property. BA will not violate the copyright and trademark rights of Guidance Guide and the manufacturer of the Product(s) and will not engage in any behavior that disparages, diminishes or violates any of the Guidance Guide or Manufacturer’s intellectual property rights.

c. No Resale. BA must use any Products for personal use only, and may not resell, lease or rent such Product(s) to any third party for any reason whatsoever.

Section 5. Release & Use of Likeness. BA hereby grants to the Company, and any of the Company’s assigns, licensors, affiliates and clients, the irrevocable and perpetual non-exclusive license to use all materials BA submits to Company resulting from the Services, including but not limited to BA’s name, likeness, image and appearance, or BA’s minor child(ren)’s name, likeness, image and appearance as embodied in the photographs or any materials submitted to Company by BA as a result of the Services [“Submitted Materials”], worldwide on the Site, via any and all social media and all media, whether now known or later developed. This grant includes without limitation the right to edit and duplicate and to use or re-use the Submitted Materials in whole or part as Company may elect. The rights granted herein include, but are not limited to, the right to include Submitted Materials as may be edited, in promotional materials, Site content, social media, the World Wide Web, marketing, materials and literature, any form of advertising or commerce and in any other manner in support of the Company or Product.

BA irrevocably waives any and all right to inspect and/or approve Company’s use of the Submitted Materials and/or BA’s or any of BA’s Children’s Likeness, including without limitation any text, image and/or other creative elements that may be used in connection with the Guidance Guide or the Site.

BA confirms he/she has the right to enter into this Agreement on behalf of itself and her/his minor children, that BA is not restricted by any commitments to third parties, and that Company has no financial commitment or obligations to BA or his/her child as a result of this Agreement or exploitation of the Submitted Materials, other than the receipt of complimentary Product which is hereby acknowledged as fair and reasonable for the rights granted herein. No further payments of any kind shall be due to BA or his/her child or any third party in exchange for the rights granted hereunder.

BA personally and on his/her children’s behalf, releases and discharges Company from any and all claims and demands ensuing or in connection with the use of BA’s photographs, including any and all claims for libel and invasion of privacy. BA further warrants and represents that it is the legal custodian of any minor children appearing in any such images, and that no third-party adults or children of whom BA is not legal custodian will appear in any such images.

Section 6. No Warranty. BA understands and agrees that the Company is not the manufacturer of the Product and does not warrant or guarantee the effectiveness, safety or quality of any particular Product. BA expressly waives any cause of action as and against Company and expressly releases company for any liability or any causes of action emanating from the Product(s).

Section 7. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. However, Sections 4, 5 and 6 shall survive in perpetuity.

Section 8. Representations and Warranties. BA represents and warrants that: (i) BA has the full and unrestricted right and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and to grant the rights granted herein; (ii) BA has complied and will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in rendering the services to be performed under this Agreement, including without limitation, the current FTC Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising (“FTC Guides”) and all related disclosure requirements; and, notwithstanding the termination provisions set forth herein, Company reserves the right to immediately terminate this Agreement if BA fails to make social media or other disclosures in the manner set forth in the FTC Guides, which failure shall be deemed a material breach of the Agreement that is not capable of cure; (iii) the Services are original to BA; (iv) the performance of the Services and submission of the Submitted Materials does not and will not violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation, any contract, copyright, trademark, or rights of privacy or publicity of any third-party; (v) the materials delivered pursuant to the Services will not contain any disparaging, pornographic, defamatory and/or offensive material; and; vi) BA will perform the Services in a timely, professional and workmanlike manner.

Section 9. Release/Indemnity. BA irrevocably and unconditionally releases, discharges and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Company, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, assignees, designees and licensees, [the “Company Parties”], from and against all actions, claims, demands, causes of action, liabilities, damages, judgments, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown, arising at any time out of and/or relating to the use of the Services and/or BA’s or his/her Child(ren)’s likeness.

Section 10. Governing Law, Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. The Parties agree that all actions or proceedings arising in connection with this Agreement shall be tried and litigated exclusively in the State and Federal courts located in the State of Colorado, County of Douglas. This choice of venue is intended by the parties to be mandatory and not permissive in nature. BA waives any right he/she may have to assert the doctrine of forum non conveniens or similar doctrine or to object to venue with respect to any proceeding brought in accordance with this Agreement.

Section 11. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the Company and BA with regard to the brand ambassador-related Services described herein, and is not intended to be (and shall not be) construed by, interpreted or otherwise linked to any other contract, agreement or understanding that may exist between the Company and BA, other than the Terms of Use on our Site. BA is, and at all times will remain, an independent contractor, and not an employee of the Company, within the meaning of all federal, state and local laws and regulations governing employment insurance, workers compensation, industrial accident, labor and taxes. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, and each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall be deemed to be one agreement. The parties may sign and transmit this Agreement electronically. Company may assign any or all of Company’s rights and obligations under this Agreement without BA’s consent. BA may not assign BA’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable pursuant to any judicial decree or decision, such provision shall be deemed to apply only to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.";s:28:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_CORE_VIEWS";s:10:"Page views";s:32:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_USER_CREATIONS";s:8:"Sign-ups";s:29:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_USER_LOGINS";s:8:"Sign-ins";s:36:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_MESSAGES_CREATIONS";s:16:"Private messages";s:34:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_USER_FRIENDSHIPS";s:15:"New friendships";s:31:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_CORE_COMMENTS";s:8:"Comments";s:28:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_CORE_LIKES";s:5:"Likes";s:30:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_CORE_REPORTS";s:13:"Abuse reports";s:30:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_CORE_UNIQUES";s:15:"Unique visitors";s:32:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_ACTIVITY_POSTS";s:10:"Feed items";s:32:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_AD_IMPRESSIONS";s:14:"Ad impressions";s:27:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_AD_CLICKS";s:9:"Ad clicks";s:40:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_ANNOUNCEMENT_CREATIONS";s:13:"Announcements";s:29:"_CORE_ADMIN_STATS_CORE_EMAILS";s:11:"Emails Sent";s:45:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINADS_INDEX_DESCRIPTION";s:574:"Displaying advertisements is an excellent way to monetize your social network. By creating ad campaigns, you can determine exactly where your ads will appear, how long they will be displayed, and who they will be shown to. The key to generating substantial revenue from your social network is to create targeted ad campaigns. This means that you should make an effort to show specific ads to users based on their interests or personal characteristics (e.g. their profile information). To accomplish this, ad campaigns can be created for specific user levels and/or networks.";s:55:"CORE_FORM_ADMINS_LAYOUT_CONTENT_PAGE_LEVELS_DESCRIPTION";s:305:"Specify which member levels will be able to view this page. To show this page to all member levels, leave them all selected. If you want this page to be hidden from none registered members, please make sure you select deselect the public member level. Use CTRL-click to select or deselect multiple levels.";s:47:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_ADS_CREATE_LIMITCTR_DESCRIPTION";s:397:"If you specify a minimum CTR (click-through ratio, which is the ratio of clicks to views) and the campaign's CTR goes below your limit, the campaign will end. If you decide to specify a minimum CTR limit, you should enter it as a percentage of clicks to views (e.g. 0.05%). To create a campaign with no definite end, don't specify limits and your campaign will continue until you choose to end it.";s:48:"CORE_FORM_ADMINS_ADS_CREATE_ADLEVELS_DESCRIPTION";s:202:"Specify which member levels will be shown advertisements from this campaign. To show this ad campaign to all member levels, leave them all selected. Use CTRL-click to select or deselect multiple levels.";s:50:"CORE_FORM_ADMINS_ADS_CREATE_ADNETWORKS_DESCRIPTION";s:194:"Specify which networks will be shown advertisements from this campaign. To show this ad campaign to all networks, leave them all selected. Use CTRL-click to select or deselect multiple networks.";s:49:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINADS_MANAGEADS_DESCRIPTION";s:574:"Displaying advertisements is an excellent way to monetize your social network. By creating ad campaigns, you can determine exactly where your ads will appear, how long they will be displayed, and who they will be shown to. The key to generating substantial revenue from your social network is to create targeted ad campaigns. This means that you should make an effort to show specific ads to users based on their interests or personal characteristics (e.g. their profile information). To accomplish this, ad campaigns can be created for specific user levels and/or networks.";s:44:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_ADS_AD_MEDIATYPE_DESCRIPTION";s:197:"Upload a banner image from your computer or specify your advertisement HTML code (e.g. Google Adsense). If you choose to upload an image, it must be a valid GIF, JPG, JPEG, or PNG file under 200kb.";s:42:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_FANCYUPLOAD_DESCRIPTION";s:152:"This form is just an example fallback for the unobtrusive behaviour of FancyUpload. If this part is not changed, something must be wrong with your code.";s:40:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_FANCYUPLOAD_ADDPHOTOS";s:207:"Click "Add Photos" to select a photo from your computer. After you have selected the photos, they will begin to upload right away. When your upload is finished, you will be able to preview the advertisement.";s:19:"ITEM_TYPE_CORE_PAGE";s:5:"Pages";s:49:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINLANGUAGE_EDIT_DESCRIPTION";s:472:"The language phrases in this pack are show below. If you're looking for a specific phrase, use the search box below to find it. Be sure to click "Save Changes" before moving to the next page of phrases if you want to keep your changes. Benealth each phrase, you'll see the original phrase for your reference. This is useful if you've lost or accidentally deleted a phrase. Some phrases are in plural form - you'll see examples of numbers used for these phrases in italics.";s:50:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINLANGUAGE_INDEX_DESCRIPTION";s:467:"The layout of your community includes hundreds of phrases of text which are stored in a language pack. If you want to change any of these phrases, you can edit a language pack below. If you want to allow your members to pick from multiple languages, you can also create or import additional packs. If you have multiple packs installed, the pack you've marked as your "default" will be the language that displays if a member has not specified their language of choice.";s:47:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINSTATS_INDEX_DESCRIPTION";s:186:"Stay connected to the pulse of your community by observing your site-wide statistics. The filters below allow you to observe various metrics and their change over different time periods.";s:51:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINSTATS_REFERRERS_DESCRIPTION";s:200:"These are the 100 most common referring URLs tracked from your homepage. This indicates where most of your new traffic is coming from. Clearing the list periodically will give you fresh referrer data.";s:46:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINSYSTEM_LOG_DESCRIPTION";s:103:"System logs are helpful for troubleshooting and debugging. Select the log you would like to view below.";s:48:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINTHEMES_INDEX_DESCRIPTION";s:750:"Customize your community's overall look and feel by editing your current theme or choosing a new one. Themes consist of CSS files, which you can edit directly right here or via FTP on your server. If you want to make custom changes here, select the CSS file you want to edit from the pull-down menu below. If you would rather just pick an entirely different theme, use the theme chooser at the bottom. Customize your community's overall look and feel by editing your current theme or choosing a new one. Your theme consists of several CSS files. If you want to make custom changes to these files, select the one you want to edit from the pull-down below. If you would rather just pick an entirely different theme, use the theme chooser at the bottom.";s:52:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINTHEMES_INDEX_REVERTTHEMEFILE";s:230:"Are you sure that you want to revert all the changes you have made to this theme? If yes, the original theme will be restored immediately and your changes lost. If you want to backup your changes, export it to your computer first.";s:58:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINTHEMES_INDEX_STYLESHEETSPERMISSION";s:155:"The stylesheets for your current theme are not writeable. Please set full permissions recursively (CHMOD -R 0777) on "application/themes/%s" and try again.";s:55:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINTHEMES_INDEX_REVERTTHEMECHANGES";s:230:"Are you sure that you want to revert all the changes you have made to this theme? If yes, the original theme will be restored immediately and your changes lost. If you want to backup your changes, export it to your computer first.";s:16:"CORE_LAYOUT_DESC";s:350:"Use the layout editor to decide what content appears on specific pages or in your site-wide header and footer. Click and drag the colored "blocks" to arrange the content you want on each page. Drag blocks to and from the "Available Blocks" area to add or remove them from your page. Use "HTML Blocks" if you want to drop in raw HTML or other content.";s:43:"CORE_VIEWS_SCRIPTS_ADMINPLUGINS_DESCRIPTION";s:345:"Plugins can extend and enhance many aspects of your social network. They often add new features for members, making your community more attractive and interactive. They can also give you more control over how your social network operates. If you've recently purchased a new plugin, you can install it by clicking the "Add New Plugin" link below.";s:44:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_GENERAL_DESCRIPTION";s:179:"Maintenance Mode will prevent site visitors from accessing your website.  You can customize the maintenance mode page by manually editing the file "/application/maintenance.html".";s:54:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_GENERAL_SITETITLE_DESCRIPTION";s:100:"Give your community a unique name. This will appear in the <title> tag throughout most of your site.";s:60:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_GENERAL_SITEDESCRIPTION_DESCRIPTION";s:137:"Enter a brief, concise description of your community. Include any key words or phrases that you want to appear in search engine listings.";s:57:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_GENERAL_SITEKEYWORDS_DESCRIPTION";s:258:"Provide some keywords (separated by commas) that describe your community. These will be the default keywords that appear in the <meta> tag in your page header. Enter the most relevant keywords you can think of to help your community's search engine rankings.";s:55:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_GENERAL_SITESCRIPT_DESCRIPTION";s:99:"To add javascript snippets to your site, enter the javascript here. Do not include the script tags.";s:45:"_EMAIL_PAYMENT_SUBSCRIPTION_CANCELLED_SUBJECT";s:37:"Your subscription has been cancelled.";s:46:"_EMAIL_PAYMENT_SUBSCRIPTION_CANCELLED_BODYHTML";s:248:"[header]<br> <br> Your subscription has been cancelled.<br> <br> [subscription_title]<br> [subscription_description]<br> [subscription_terms]<br> <br> Please follow the link below to renew your subscription.<br> <br> [object_link]<br> <br> [footer]";s:21:"_EMAIL_FOOTER_SUBJECT";s:0:"";s:22:"_EMAIL_FOOTER_BODYHTML";s:47:"Sincerely,<br>Your Friends at Parental Guidance";s:28:"_EMAIL_FOOTER_MEMBER_SUBJECT";s:0:"";s:29:"_EMAIL_FOOTER_MEMBER_BODYHTML";s:47:"Sincerely,<br>Your Friends at Parental Guidance";s:18:"_EMAIL_FOOTER_BODY";s:45:"Sincerely,
Your Friends at Parental Guidance";s:25:"_EMAIL_FOOTER_MEMBER_BODY";s:45:"Sincerely,
Your Friends at Parental Guidance";s:25:"Use editor for messaging?";s:25:"Use editor for messaging?";s:56:"USER_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_LEVEL_MESSAGEEDITOR_DESCRIPTION";s:160:"You can choose to use an editor to help format and add media to your messages or use the default plain textbox with buttons to add media and share when allowed.";s:6:"Editor";s:6:"Expert";s:106:"Edit the overview for your channel using the editor below, and then click 'Save Overview' to save changes.";s:106:"Edit the overview for your channel using the editor below, and then click 'Save Overview' to save changes.";s:302:"Do you want other widgets to also be displayed in the Welcome Tab? (You can place the desired widgets in this Welcome Tab page from the Layout Editor. Please note that if you enable this setting, then you should be sure to place the desired extra widgets in Welcome Tab, than the ones mentioned above.)";s:302:"Do you want other widgets to also be displayed in the Welcome Tab? (You can place the desired widgets in this Welcome Tab page from the Layout Editor. Please note that if you enable this setting, then you should be sure to place the desired extra widgets in Welcome Tab, than the ones mentioned above.)";s:743:"Enter the number of friends till which users should be shown the Invite Friends block in the Welcome Tab (This block enables users to invite their contacts to become members of the site and their friends on it, by importing contacts from various services or manually entering email IDs. Those who are already site members get friend request. Users can thus quickly and easily grow their network on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Invite Friends" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of friends reaches the limit set by you.).";s:745:"Enter the number of friends till which users should be shown the Invite Friends block in the Welcome Tab (This block enables users to invite their contacts to become members of the site and their friends on it, by importing contacts from various services or manually 
entering email IDs. Those who are already site members get friend request. Users can thus quickly and easily grow their network on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Invite Friends" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of friends reaches the limit set by you.).";s:587:"Enter the number of friends till which users should be shown the People You May Know block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users the people they may know and enables them to easily and quickly add them as friends to grow their network on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "People you may know" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of friends reaches the limit set by you.).";s:594:"Enter the number of friends till which users should be shown the  People You May Know block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users the people they may know and enables  them to easily and quickly add them as friends to grow their network on your site. Note that for this to be  visible, you must place the "People you may know" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not  want this widget to be available 
in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of friends reaches the limit set by you.). ";s:228:"How many suggestions do you want to display in the People You May Know block in the Welcome Tab? (Note: For this to be visible, please place the "Welcome: Friends Suggestions" widget in this Welcome page from the Layout Editor.)";s:230:"How many suggestions do you want to display in the People You May Know block in the  Welcome Tab? (Note: For this to be visible, please place the "Welcome: Friends Suggestions" widget in this Welcome page from the Layout Editor.) ";s:645:"Enter the number of friends till which users should be shown the Search for People block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users a search field to search for their friends who might be members of the site. This enables them to easily and quickly add them as friends to grow their network on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Search for People" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of friends reaches the limit set by you.).";s:647:"Enter the number of friends till which users should be shown the Search for People block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users a search field to search for their friends who might be members of the site. This enables them to easily and quickly add them as friends to grow their network on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: 
Search for People" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of friends reaches the limit set by you.).";s:367:"Do you want the Profile Photo block to be available in the Welcome Tab for users who have not uploaded a profile photo (This block will enable users to easily and quickly upload a profile photo, thus increasing trust on your website. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Profile Photo Uploading" widget in this page from the Layout Editor.)?";s:367:"Do you want the Profile Photo block to be available in the Welcome Tab for users who have not uploaded a profile photo (This block will enable users to easily and quickly upload a profile photo, thus increasing trust on your website. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Profile Photo Uploading" widget in this page from the Layout Editor.)?";s:726:"Enter the number of days after signup till which users should be shown the Suggestions block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users suggestions of various content types of your site, thus enabling them to explore content and motivating them to generate their own content on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Explore Suggestions" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of days after signup reaches the limit set by you. You can set the number of items to be visible in this from the Edit Settings for this widget.).";s:728:"Enter the number of days after signup till which users should be shown the Suggestions block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users suggestions of various content types of your site, thus enabling them to explore content and motivating them to generate their own content on your site. 
Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Explore Suggestions" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of days after signup reaches the limit set by you. You can set the number of items to be visible in this from the Edit Settings for this widget.).";s:584:"Enter the number of days after signup till which users should be shown the Popular Content block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users the most Liked items of your site, thus enabling them to explore quality content on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Most Liked Items" widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, then enter 0 below. This block will no more be visible to users in the Welcome Tab after their number of days after signup reaches the limit set by you.).";s:429:"Enter the number of days after signup till which users should be shown the Popular Content block in the Welcome Tab (This block shows to users the most Liked items of your site, thus enabling them to explore quality content on your site. Note that for this to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Most Liked Items widget in this page from the Layout Editor. If you do not want this widget to be available in the Welcome Tab, ";s:207:"How many likes do you want to display in the most liked items block in the Welcome Tab? (Note: For this to be visible, please place the "Most Liked Items" widget in this Welcome page from the Layout Editor.)";s:208:"How many likes do you want to display in the most liked items block in the Welcome Tab? (Note: For this to be visible, please place the "Most Liked Items" widget in this Welcome page from the Layout Editor.) ";s:105:"You will be able to vertically adjust the position of widgets on Welcome Tab page from the Layout Editor.";s:105:"You will be able to vertically adjust the position of widgets on Welcome Tab page from the Layout Editor.";s:513:"Below you can create and manage Custom Blocks for the Welcome Tab. You can use custom blocks to show welcome content to users which is different from the already available blocks. For example, you can introduce those features / aspects of your website that form your site's most important core features. You can order the blocks in desired sequence using drag-and-drop below. Note that for custom blocks to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Custom Blocks" widget in Welcome Tab page from the Layout Editor.";s:515:"Below you can create and manage Custom Blocks for the Welcome Tab. You can use custom blocks to show welcome content to users which is different from the already available blocks. For example, you can introduce those features / aspects of your website that form your site's most important core features. You can order the blocks in desired sequence using drag-and-drop below. Note that for custom blocks to be visible, you must place the "Welcome: Custom Blocks" widget in Welcome Tab page from the 
Layout Editor.";s:1108:"Below, you can configure the settings for the various blocks of Welcome Tab. Note that the Welcome Tab content can be placed anywhere on your website from the Layout Editor. It is a part of the Advanced Activity Feeds widget, and you can choose to show this tab from the Edit Settings of the widget.<br />You can use this feature to show welcome / introductory content to users. This tab will display welcome content to users and enable them to quickly familiarize and grow their network in your community. There are some pre-built widgets for this tab which easily and quickly get users going on your website, and you can also create your custom content. This feature enables users to quickly get familiar with your website, thus converting signups to frequent logins.<br />With below intelligent settings, you can configure Welcome Tab content such that different users are shown different content depending on their number of friends, and days since signup on you site.<br />You will be able to vertically adjust the 
position of widgets on Welcome Tab page from the <a href="%s">Layout Editor</a>.<br />";s:1108:"Below, you can configure the settings for the various blocks of Welcome Tab. Note that the Welcome Tab content can be placed anywhere on your website from the Layout Editor. It is a part of the Advanced Activity Feeds widget, and you can choose to show this tab from the Edit Settings of the widget.<br />You can use this feature to show welcome / introductory content to users. This tab will display welcome content to users and enable them to quickly familiarize and grow their network in your community. There are some pre-built widgets for this tab which easily and quickly get users going on your website, and you can also create your custom content. This feature enables users to quickly get familiar with your website, thus converting signups to frequent logins.<br />With below intelligent settings, you can configure Welcome Tab content such that different users are shown different content depending on their number of 
friends, and days since signup on you site.<br />You will be able to vertically adjust the position of widgets on Welcome Tab page from the <a href="%s">Layout Editor</a>.<br />";s:103:"Edit the overview for your blog using the editor below, and then click 'Save Overview' to save changes.";s:96:"Edit the body for your entry using the editor below, and then click 'Save Body' to save changes.";s:106:"Edit the overview for your product using the editor below, and then click 'Save Overview' to save changes.";s:106:"Edit the overview for your listing using the editor below, and then click 'Save Overview' to save changes.";s:49:"ANNOUNCEMENT_VIEW_SCRIPTS_ADMINMANAGE_DESCRIPTION";s:405:"Announcements are a great way to keep your members engaged in the community. Announcements appear inside the "Announcement Widget", which you can place anywhere on your site. By default, this widget appears at the top of the member homepage - this way, members see your announcements right when they sign in. You can move this widget elsewhere or change its settings in the <a href='%s'>Layout Editor</a>.";s:22:"SITEMOBILE_LAYOUT_DESC";s:353:"Use the layout editor to decide what content appears on specific pages or in your site-wide header and footer. Click and drag the colored "blocks" to arrange the content you want on each page. Drag blocks to and from the "Available Blocks" area to add or remove them from your page. Use "HTML Blocks" if you want to drop in raw HTML or other content.sss";s:43:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_ASSIGN_EMAIL_TITLE";s:46:"Multiple Listing Types - Member Becomes Expert";s:49:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_ASSIGN_EMAIL_DESCRIPTION";s:85:"This email goes to the members when they are made the expert to write expert reviews.";s:45:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_ASSIGN_EMAIL_SUBJECT";s:40:" You have become an expert for listings.";s:42:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_ASSIGN_EMAIL_BODY";s:264:"[header]

Congratulations! [sender] has made you an expert for listings of [listing_type]. You can now write / edit expert reviews for them.

To visit your expert page, click on the link below, or copy-paste it in your browser:
[editor_page_url]


[footer]";s:47:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_LISTING_CREATION_EDITOR_TITLE";s:71:"Multiple Listing Types - Listing Creation Email Notification to Experts";s:53:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_LISTING_CREATION_EDITOR_DESCRIPTION";s:65:"This email is sent to the experts when members post new listings.";s:49:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_LISTING_CREATION_EDITOR_SUBJECT";s:58:"A new [listing_type] ‘[object_title]’ has been posted.";s:46:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_LISTING_CREATION_EDITOR_BODY";s:194:"[header]

[object_title]
[object_description]

To visit and write expert review on this [listing_type], click on the link below, or copy-paste it in your browser:
[object_link]

[footer]";s:45:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITORREVIEW_CREATION_TITLE";s:50:"Multiple Listing Types - Expert Review on Listings";s:51:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITORREVIEW_CREATION_DESCRIPTION";s:97:"This email is sent to the members when experts write reviews on Listings that the member created.";s:47:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITORREVIEW_CREATION_SUBJECT";s:71:"[editor_name] has written a review on your ‘[object_parent_title]’.";s:44:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITORREVIEW_CREATION_BODY";s:245:"[header]

[editor] has written a review on your ‘[object_parent_with_link]’.

[object_title]
[object_description]

To view this review, click on the link below, or copy-paste it in your browser:
http://[host][object_link]

[footer]";s:36:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_EMAIL_TITLE";s:53:"Multiple Listing Types - Member Contacts Expert Email";s:42:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_EMAIL_DESCRIPTION";s:70:"This is the email that gets sent to experts when members contact them.";s:38:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_EMAIL_SUBJECT";s:27:"[sender] has contacted you.";s:35:"_EMAIL_SITEREVIEW_EDITOR_EMAIL_BODY";s:33:"[header]

[message]

[footer]";s:37:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_EDITORREVIEW";s:48:"When expert write a review on listing I created.";s:21:"Write a Editor Review";s:22:"Write an Expert Review";s:12:"Email Editor";s:12:"Email Editor";s:7:"Editors";s:7:"Experts";s:19:"Most Rated (Editor)";s:19:"Most Rated (Expert)";s:14:"Editor Reviews";s:14:"Expert Reviews";s:14:"Editor Ratings";s:14:"Expert Ratings";s:12:"Editors For:";s:12:"Experts For:";s:15:"1 Editor Review";s:15:"1 Expert Review";s:34:"1 Editor Review and %s User Review";a:2:{i:0;s:34:"1 Expert Review and %s User Review";i:1;s:35:"1 Expert Review and %s User Reviews";}s:16:"View all Editors";s:16:"View all Experts";s:24:"View all Editors &raquo;";s:24:"View all Experts &raquo;";s:19:"View Editor Profile";s:19:"View Expert Profile";s:33:"<span>%s</span> <div>Editor</div>";a:2:{i:0;s:34:"<span>%s</span> <div>Editors</div>";i:1;s:34:"<span>%s</span> <div>Editors</div>";}s:25:" <div>Editors In %s</div>";s:25:" <div>Experts In %s</div>";s:24:"Meet all editors &raquo;";s:24:"Meet all Experts &raquo;";s:103:"Submit your queries, questions or comments for our editors here. Our Editors will get back to you soon.";s:103:"Submit your queries, questions or comments for our editors here. Our Experts will get back to you soon.";s:14:"Review Editors";s:14:"Review Experts";s:15:"Similar Editors";s:15:"Similar Experts";s:12:"About Editor";s:12:"About Expert";s:17:"Reviews As Editor";s:17:"Reviews As Expert";s:19:"About review editor";s:19:"About review expert";s:13:"Editor Rating";s:13:"Expert Rating";s:17:"Editor Rating: %s";s:17:"Expert Rating: %s";s:38:"No Editor Review has been written yet.";s:38:"No Expert Review has been written yet.";s:23:"Total %s editor review.";a:2:{i:0;s:23:"Total %s expert review.";i:1;s:24:"Total %s expert reviews.";}s:40:"<span>%s</span> <div>Editor Review</div>";a:2:{i:0;s:41:"<span>%s</span> <div>Expert Reviews</div>";i:1;s:41:"<span>%s</span> <div>Editor Reviews</div>";}s:15:"Editor's Rating";s:15:"Expert's Rating";s:22:"Write an Editor Review";s:22:"Write an Expert Review";s:21:"Edit an Editor Review";s:21:"Edit an Expert Review";s:87:"Have a question or comments for %s? Ask from below and our editor will get back to you.";s:87:"Have a question or comments for %s? Ask from below and our expert will get back to you.";s:44:"You can edit the editor review for %s below:";s:44:"You can edit the expert review for %s below:";s:19:"Editor's Rating: %s";s:19:"Expert's Rating: %s";s:44:"This Editor has not posted any comments yet!";s:44:"This Expert has not posted any comments yet!";s:13:"Editor Review";s:13:"Expert Review";s:47:"Email to the editor has been sent successfully.";s:47:"Email to the expert has been sent successfully.";s:11:"Menu Editor";s:11:"Menu Editor";s:12:"Theme Editor";s:12:"Theme Editor";s:13:"Layout Editor";s:13:"Layout Editor";s:23:"Recommended by %s users";s:1:" ";s:14:"Recommended by";s:14:"Recommended by";s:15:"Recommended by ";s:15:"Recommended by ";s:15:"Recommendations";s:1:" ";s:43:"%s Out of %1s reviews have recommendations.";s:43:"%s Out of %1s reviews have recommendations.";s:34:"BREAST FEEDING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:0:"";s:0:"";s:14:"Stroller Title";s:5:"Title";s:14:"Car Seat Title";s:5:"Title";s:10:"Blog Title";s:5:"Title";s:10:"Test Title";s:5:"Title";s:25:"Breast Feeding Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:17:"Post New Stroller";s:17:"Post New Stroller";s:17:"Post New Car Seat";s:17:"Post New Car Seat";s:13:"Post New Blog";s:16:"Post New Entry 2";s:13:"Post New Test";s:16:"Post New Entry 1";s:99:"Compose your new breast feeding item below, then click 'Submit' to publish the breast feeding item.";s:71:"Compose your new entry below, then click 'Submit' to publish the entry.";s:45:"SEPARATE_BREAST FEEDING ITEM_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:29:"BREAST FEEDING ITEM_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Reviewed By";s:9:"posted by";s:9:"posted by";s:22:"BABY CARRIER_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Posted By 1";s:23:"BABY CARRIER_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:22:"BABY CARRIER_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:47:"There are no videos posted by your members yet.";s:47:"There are no videos posted by your members yet.";s:22:"Posted by %1$s on %2$s";s:22:"Posted by %1$s on %2$s";s:19:"STROLLER1_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Posted By 2";s:20:"STROLLER1_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:19:"STROLLER1_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:18:"STROLLER_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Reviewed By";s:19:"STROLLER_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:18:"STROLLER_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:17:"PRODUCT_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Posted By 4";s:18:"PRODUCT_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:17:"PRODUCT_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:18:"CAR SEAT_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Reviewed By";s:19:"CAR SEAT_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:18:"CAR SEAT_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:32:"BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Posted By 6";s:33:"BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:32:"BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:14:"BLOG_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Posted By 7";s:15:"BLOG_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:14:"BLOG_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:39:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_SUBSCRIBED_NEW";s:64:"When a new listing is posted by a member you have subscribed to.";s:9:"Posted by";s:11:"Posted by 8";s:109:"This widget shows the top reviewers for the Pages on your site based on the number of reviews posted by them.";s:109:"This widget shows the top reviewers for the Pages on your site based on the number of reviews posted by them.";s:15:"Posted by %s %s";s:15:"Posted by %s %s";s:119:"Displays list of announcements posted by page admins for their Pages. This widget should be placed on the Page Profile.";s:119:"Displays list of announcements posted by page admins for their Pages. This widget should be placed on the Page Profile.";s:46:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITETAGCHECKIN_ADD_TO_MAP";s:76:"When someone adds current date while checking into any content posted by me.";s:43:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITETAGCHECKIN_CONTENT";s:50:"When someone checks into any content posted by me.";s:50:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITETAGCHECKIN_LCT_ADD_TO_MAP";s:77:"When someone adds previous date while checking into any content posted by me.";s:10:"Posted By:";s:10:"Posted By:";s:13:" - posted by ";s:13:" - posted by ";s:122:"Displays list of announcements posted by group admins for their Groups. This widget should be placed on the Group Profile.";s:122:"Displays list of announcements posted by group admins for their Groups. This widget should be placed on the Group Profile.";s:10:"Posted by:";s:10:"Posted by:";s:14:"TEST_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Posted By 9";s:15:"TEST_POSTED_BY:";s:11:"Posted By :";s:14:"TEST_posted_by";s:9:"posted by";s:32:"Posted by %1$s in the album %2$s";s:32:"Posted by %1$s in the album %2$s";s:12:"Posted by %s";s:12:"Posted by %s";s:164:"This page lists all the feedback posted by the users. Here, you can monitor feedback, delete them, make feedback featured / un-featured and set status for feedback.";s:164:"This page lists all the feedback posted by the users. Here, you can monitor feedback, delete them, make feedback featured / un-featured and set status for feedback.";s:21:"Posted by %s about %s";s:21:"Posted by %s about %s";s:33:"Posted by Anonymous user about %s";s:33:"Posted by Anonymous user about %s";s:10:" Posted by";s:10:" Posted by";s:22:"Posted by %s about %s,";s:22:"Posted by %s about %s,";s:34:"Posted by Anonymous user about %s,";s:34:"Posted by Anonymous user about %s,";s:47:"There are no events posted by your members yet.";s:47:"There are no events posted by your members yet.";s:14:"Posted by %1$s";s:14:"Posted by %1$s";s:26:"BABYWEARING ITEM_POSTED_BY";s:11:"Reviewed By";s:22:"Babywearing Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:31:"BABYWEARING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:20:"STORY_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:74:"DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW";s:74:"DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW";s:24:"DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW";s:10:"Your Story";s:76:"DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW";s:76:"DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW
DASHBOARD_STORY_OVERVIEW";s:31:"SEPARATE_STORY_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:15:"STORY_POSTED_BY";s:10:"Written By";s:12:"STORY_TAGS -";s:1:" ";s:10:"STORY_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:29:"DASHBOARD_STORY_EDIT_OVERVIEW";s:15:"Edit this story";s:27:"BABY CARRIER_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:15:"Tags (Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:24:"STROLLER1_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:23:"STROLLER_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:22:"PRODUCT_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:23:"CAR SEAT_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:37:"BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:19:"BLOG_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:19:"TEST_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:12:"Popular Tags";s:16:"Popular Hashtags";s:17:"Popular Tags (%s)";s:21:"Popular Hashtags (%s)";s:38:"SEPARATE_BABY CARRIER_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:310:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your baby carrier so that search engines populate your baby carrier in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this baby carrier. (The tags entered by you for this baby carrier will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:300:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your baby carrier so that search engines populate your baby carrier in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:25:"Popular Baby Carrier Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:64:"Browse the tags created for baby carrier by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:18:"BABY CARRIER_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:17:"BABY CARRIER_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:33:"EXPLORE_BABY CARRIER_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:26:"Separate tags with commas.";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:12:"Profile Tags";s:16:"Profile Hashtags";s:32:"_EMAIL_NOTIFY_TAGGED_DESCRIPTION";s:56:"This email is sent to the member when someone tags them.";s:290:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your channel so that search engines populate your channel in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this channel. (The tags entered by you for this channel will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:290:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your channel so that search engines populate your channel in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this channel. (The tags entered by you for this channel will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:31:"Separate meta tags with commas.";s:31:"Separate meta tags with commas.";s:5:"Tags:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:20:"Explore Tags &raquo;";s:20:"Explore Tags &raquo;";s:44:"CHANNEL_FORM_ADMIN_LEVEL_AUTHTAG_DESCRIPTION";s:289:"Your users can choose from any of the options checked below when they decide who can post tags on their channels and videos. If you do not check any options, settings will default to the last saved configuration. If you select only one option, members of this level will not have a choice.";s:35:"SEPARATE_STROLLER1_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:298:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your stroller1 so that search engines populate your stroller1 in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this stroller1. (The tags entered by you for this stroller1 will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:294:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your stroller1 so that search engines populate your stroller1 in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:22:"Popular Stroller1 Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:61:"Browse the tags created for stroller1 by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:15:"STROLLER1_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:14:"STROLLER1_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:30:"EXPLORE_STROLLER1_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:34:"SEPARATE_STROLLER_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:294:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your stroller so that search engines populate your stroller in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this stroller. (The tags entered by you for this stroller will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:288:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your stroller so that search engines populate your stroller in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this entry. (The tags entered by you for this entry will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:21:"Popular Stroller Tags";s:22:"Popular Entry Hashtags";s:60:"Browse the tags created for stroller by the various members.";s:57:"Browse the tags created for entry by the various members.";s:14:"STROLLER_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:13:"STROLLER_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:29:"EXPLORE_STROLLER_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:33:"SEPARATE_PRODUCT_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:290:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your product so that search engines populate your product in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this product. (The tags entered by you for this product will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:290:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your product so that search engines populate your product in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:20:"Popular Product Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:59:"Browse the tags created for product by the various members.";s:63:"Browse the hashtags created for listing by the various members.";s:13:"PRODUCT_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:12:"PRODUCT_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:28:"EXPLORE_PRODUCT_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:34:"SEPARATE_CAR SEAT_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:294:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your car seat so that search engines populate your car seat in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this car seat. (The tags entered by you for this car seat will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:288:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your car seat so that search engines populate your car seat in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this entry. (The tags entered by you for this entry will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:21:"Popular Car Seat Tags";s:22:"Popular Entry Hashtags";s:60:"Browse the tags created for car seat by the various members.";s:57:"Browse the tags created for entry by the various members.";s:14:"CAR SEAT_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:13:"CAR SEAT_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:29:"EXPLORE_CAR SEAT_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:48:"SEPARATE_BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:350:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your breast feeding product so that search engines populate your breast feeding product in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this breast feeding product. (The tags entered by you for this breast feeding product will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:320:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your breast feeding product so that search engines populate your breast feeding product in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:35:"Popular Breast Feeding Product Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:74:"Browse the tags created for breast feeding product by the various members.";s:63:"Browse the hashtags created for listing by the various members.";s:28:"BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:27:"BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:43:"EXPLORE_BREAST FEEDING PRODUCT_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:30:"SEPARATE_BLOG_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:278:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your blog so that search engines populate your blog in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this blog. (The tags entered by you for this blog will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:280:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your blog so that search engines populate your blog in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this entry. (The tags entered by you for this entry will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:17:"Popular Blog Tags";s:22:"Popular Entry Hashtags";s:56:"Browse the tags created for blog by the various members.";s:61:"Browse the hashtags created for entry by the various members.";s:10:"BLOG_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:9:"BLOG_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:25:"EXPLORE_BLOG_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:178:"Displays Page Videos similar to the Page Video being viewed based on tags. You can choose the number of entries to be shown. This widget should be placed on Page Video View Page.";s:178:"Displays Page Videos similar to the Page Video being viewed based on tags. You can choose the number of entries to be shown. This widget should be placed on Page Video View Page.";s:205:"Your users can choose from any of the options checked below when they decide who can post tags on their album photos. If you do not check any options, everyone will be allowed to post tags on album photos.";s:205:"Your users can choose from any of the options checked below when they decide who can post tags on their album photos. If you do not check any options, everyone will be allowed to post tags on album photos.";s:16:"Browse Tags Page";s:20:"Browse Hashtags Page";s:47:"How many ads will be shown on browse tags page?";s:47:"How many ads will be shown on browse tags page?";s:53:"Browse the tags created for pages by various members.";s:53:"Browse the tags created for pages by various members.";s:17:"Popular Page Tags";s:21:"Popular Page Hashtags";s:12:"%1$s\'s Tags";s:12:"%1$s\'s Tags";s:146:"Displays the owner, category, tags, views and other information about a Page. This widget should be placed on the Page Profile in the left column.";s:150:"Displays the owner, category, hashtags, views and other information about a Page. This widget should be placed on the Page Profile in the left column.";s:28:"Page Profile Owner Page Tags";s:32:"Page Profile Owner Page Hashtags";s:119:"Displays all the tags chosen by the owner of your Page for his Pages. This widget should be placed on the Page Profile.";s:123:"Displays all the hasgtags chosen by the owner of your Page for his Pages. This widget should be placed on the Page Profile.";s:17:"Browse Tags Group";s:21:"Browse Hashtags Group";s:48:"How many ads will be shown on browse tags group?";s:48:"How many ads will be shown on browse tags group?";s:54:"Browse the tags created for groups by various members.";s:54:"Browse the tags created for groups by various members.";s:18:"Popular Group Tags";s:22:"Popular Group Hashtags";s:148:"Displays the owner, category, tags, views and other information about a Group. This widget should be placed on the Group Profile in the left column.";s:148:"Displays the owner, category, tags, views and other information about a Group. This widget should be placed on the Group Profile in the left column.";s:30:"Group Profile Owner Group Tags";s:34:"Group Profile Owner Group Hashtags";s:122:"Displays all the tags chosen by the owner of your Group for his Groups. This widget should be placed on the Group Profile.";s:126:"Displays all the hasgtags chosen by the owner of your Group for his Groups. This widget should be placed on the Group Profile.";s:21:"Popular Tags for FAQs";s:25:"Popular Hashtags for FAQs";s:25:"Browse the tags for FAQs.";s:29:"Browse the hashtags for FAQs.";s:13:"Popular Tags ";s:17:"Popular Hashtags ";s:7:"'s Tags";s:11:"'s Hashtags";s:30:"SEPARATE_TEST_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:278:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your test so that search engines populate your test in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this test. (The tags entered by you for this test will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:280:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your test so that search engines populate your test in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this entry. (The tags entered by you for this entry will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:17:"Popular Test Tags";s:22:"Popular Entry Hashtags";s:56:"Browse the tags created for test by the various members.";s:61:"Browse the hashtags created for entry by the various members.";s:10:"TEST_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:9:"TEST_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:25:"EXPLORE_TEST_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:4:"Tags";s:8:"Hashtags";s:171:"You can change the colors, fonts, and styles of your group by adding CSS code below. The contents of the text area below will be output between <style> tags on your group.";s:171:"You can change the colors, fonts, and styles of your group by adding CSS code below. The contents of the text area below will be output between <style> tags on your group.";s:46:"GROUP_FORM_ADMIN_LEVEL_CONTENTHTML_DESCRIPTION";s:217:"If you have disabled HTML in posts but want to allow specific tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). If you have enabled HTML in posts, this setting will have no effect.  Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:33:"Yes, members can use BBCode tags.";s:33:"Yes, members can use BBCode tags.";s:46:"FORUM_FORM_ADMIN_LEVEL_CONTENTHTML_DESCRIPTION";s:217:"If you have disabled HTML in posts but want to allow specific tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). If you have enabled HTML in posts, this setting will have no effect.  Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:9:"%s's Tags";s:13:"%s's Hashtags";s:13:"Feedback Tags";s:17:"Feedback Hashtags";s:47:"Allow users to mention tags for their feedback.";s:51:"Allow users to mention hashtags for their feedback.";s:171:"You can change the colors, fonts, and styles of your event by adding CSS code below. The contents of the text area below will be output between <style> tags on your event.";s:171:"You can change the colors, fonts, and styles of your event by adding CSS code below. The contents of the text area below will be output between <style> tags on your event.";s:46:"EVENT_FORM_ADMIN_LEVEL_CONTENTHTML_DESCRIPTION";s:217:"If you have disabled HTML in posts but want to allow specific tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). If you have enabled HTML in posts, this setting will have no effect.  Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:56:"CORE_FORM_ADMIN_SETTINGS_GENERAL_COMMENTHTML_DESCRIPTION";s:178:"By default, members may not enter any HTML tags into comments. If you want to allow specific tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:53:"CORE_ADMIN_FORM_SETTINGS_SPAM_COMMENTHTML_DESCRIPTION";s:179:"By default, the user may not enter any HTML tags into comments. If you want to allow specific tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:11:"%1$s's Tags";s:11:"%1$s's Tags";s:120:"If you want to allow specific HTML tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:120:"If you want to allow specific HTML tags, you can enter them below (separated by commas). Example: b, img, a, embed, font";s:28:"_BLOG_FORM_STYLE_DESCRIPTION";s:169:"You can change the colors, fonts, and styles of your blog by adding CSS code below. The contents of the text area below will be output between <style> tags on your blog.";s:42:"ALBUM_FORM_ADMIN_LEVEL_AUTHTAG_DESCRIPTION";s:287:"Your users can choose from any of the options checked below when they decide who can post tags on their albums and photos. If you do not check any options, settings will default to the last saved configuration. If you select only one option, members of this level will not have a choice.";s:36:"_EMAIL_NOTIFY_AAF_TAGGED_DESCRIPTION";s:65:"This email is sent to the member when someone tags thier content.";s:26:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_TAGGED";s:76:"When a user (subject) tags another user (object) in photos and other places.";s:26:"SITEREVIEW.OVERALL-RATINGS";s:15:"OVERALL RATINGS";s:24:"BREAST FEEDING ITEM_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:21:"BABYWEARING ITEM_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:16:"Diaper Bag Title";s:5:"Title";s:19:"Mealtime Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:18:"Baby Carrier Title";s:5:"Title";s:15:"Stroller1 Title";s:5:"Title";s:13:"Product Title";s:5:"Title";s:28:"Breast Feeding Product Title";s:5:"Title";s:84:"Please choose the different listing title as listing with same title already exists.";s:84:"Please choose the different listing title as listing with same title already exists.";s:13:"Listing Title";s:5:"Title";s:25:"DIAPER BAG_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:28:"MEALTIME ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:36:"SEPARATE_DIAPER BAG_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:302:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your diaper bag so that search engines populate your diaper bag in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this diaper bag. (The tags entered by you for this diaper bag will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:296:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your diaper bag so that search engines populate your diaper bag in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:23:"Popular Diaper Bag Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:62:"Browse the tags created for diaper bag by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:16:"DIAPER BAG_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:15:"DIAPER BAG_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:31:"EXPLORE_DIAPER BAG_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:39:"SEPARATE_MEALTIME ITEM_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate Hashtags with commas.";s:314:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your mealtime item so that search engines populate your mealtime item in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this mealtime item. (The tags entered by you for this mealtime item will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:302:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your mealtime item so that search engines populate your mealtime item in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:26:"Popular Mealtime Item Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:65:"Browse the tags created for mealtime item by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:19:"MEALTIME ITEM_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:18:"MEALTIME ITEM_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:34:"EXPLORE_MEALTIME ITEM_TAGS &raquo;";s:20:"Explore Tags &raquo;";s:25:"Bottle Feeding Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:16:"High Chair Title";s:5:"Title";s:21:"Activity Center Title";s:5:"Title";s:34:"BOTTLE FEEDING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:25:"HIGH CHAIR_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:30:"ACTIVITY CENTER_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:45:"SEPARATE_BOTTLE FEEDING ITEM_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:338:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your bottle feeding item so that search engines populate your bottle feeding item in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this bottle feeding item. (The tags entered by you for this bottle feeding item will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:314:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your bottle feeding item so that search engines populate your bottle feeding item in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:32:"Popular Bottle Feeding Item Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:71:"Browse the tags created for bottle feeding item by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:25:"BOTTLE FEEDING ITEM_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:24:"BOTTLE FEEDING ITEM_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:40:"EXPLORE_BOTTLE FEEDING ITEM_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:36:"SEPARATE_HIGH CHAIR_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:302:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your high chair so that search engines populate your high chair in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this high chair. (The tags entered by you for this high chair will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:296:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your high chair so that search engines populate your high chair in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:23:"Popular High Chair Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:62:"Browse the tags created for high chair by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:16:"HIGH CHAIR_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:15:"HIGH CHAIR_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:31:"EXPLORE_HIGH CHAIR_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:41:"SEPARATE_ACTIVITY CENTER_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:322:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your activity center so that search engines populate your activity center in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this activity center. (The tags entered by you for this activity center will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:306:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your activity center so that search engines populate your activity center in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:28:"Popular Activity Center Tags";s:24:"Popular Listing Hashtags";s:67:"Browse the tags created for activity center by the various members.";s:63:"Browse the hashtags created for listing by the various members.";s:21:"ACTIVITY CENTER_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:20:"ACTIVITY CENTER_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:36:"EXPLORE_ACTIVITY CENTER_TAGS &raquo;";s:24:"Explore Hashtags &raquo;";s:20:"Diapering Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:29:"DIAPERING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:28:"Post New Bottle Feeding Item";s:17:"Post New Listing1";s:19:"Post New High Chair";s:17:"Post New Listing2";s:24:"Post New Activity Center";s:17:"Post New Listing3";s:19:"Post New Diaper Bag";s:17:"Post New Listing4";s:22:"Post New Mealtime Item";s:17:"Post New Listing5";s:21:"Post New Baby Carrier";s:17:"Post New Listing6";s:18:"Post New Stroller1";s:17:"Post New Listing7";s:16:"Post New Product";s:17:"Post New Listing8";s:31:"Post New Breast Feeding Product";s:17:"Post New Listing9";s:23:"Post New Diapering Item";s:25:"Post New Diapering Review";s:16:"Post New Listing";s:18:"Post New Listing10";s:40:"SEPARATE_DIAPERING ITEM_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:318:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your diapering item so that search engines populate your diapering item in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this diapering item. (The tags entered by you for this diapering item will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:304:"Meta keywords are a great way to provide search engines with information about your diapering item so that search engines populate your diapering item in search results. Below, you can add meta keywords for this listing. (The tags entered by you for this listing will also be added to the meta keywords.)";s:27:"Popular Diapering Item Tags";s:20:"Popular Listing Tags";s:66:"Browse the tags created for diapering item by the various members.";s:59:"Browse the tags created for listing by the various members.";s:20:"DIAPERING ITEM_TAGS:";s:9:"Hashtags:";s:19:"DIAPERING ITEM_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:35:"EXPLORE_DIAPERING ITEM_TAGS &raquo;";s:20:"Explore Tags &raquo;";s:23:"The Baby Guy Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:32:"THE BABY GUY ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:23:"Menstrual Product Title";s:5:"Title";s:28:"Health and Safety Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:23:"General Accessory Title";s:5:"Title";s:29:"Birth and Delivery Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:28:"Pregnancy Comfort Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:19:"Skincare Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:15:"Bath Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:10:"Tech Title";s:5:"Title";s:20:"Household Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:9:"Toy Title";s:5:"Title";s:18:"Nursery Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:20:"Fertility Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:19:"Clothing Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:25:"Pregnancy Loss Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:19:"Teething Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:16:"Sleep Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:25:"Potty Learning Item Title";s:5:"Title";s:26:"Post New Menstrual Product";s:18:"Post New Listing11";s:31:"Post New Health and Safety Item";s:18:"Post New Listing12";s:26:"Post New General Accessory";s:18:"Post New Listing13";s:32:"Post New Birth and Delivery Item";s:18:"Post New Listing14";s:31:"Post New Pregnancy Comfort Item";s:18:"Post New Listing15";s:22:"Post New Skincare Item";s:18:"Post New Listing16";s:18:"Post New Bath Item";s:18:"Post New Listing17";s:13:"Post New Tech";s:18:"Post New Listing18";s:26:"Post New The Baby Guy Item";s:18:"Post New Listing19";s:23:"Post New Household Item";s:18:"Post New Listing20";s:12:"Post New Toy";s:18:"Post New Listing21";s:21:"Post New Nursery Item";s:18:"Post New Listing22";s:23:"Post New Fertility Item";s:18:"Post New Listing23";s:22:"Post New Clothing Item";s:18:"Post New Listing24";s:28:"Post New Pregnancy Loss Item";s:18:"Post New Listing25";s:22:"Post New Teething Item";s:18:"Post New Listing26";s:19:"Post New Sleep Item";s:18:"Post New Listing27";s:28:"Post New Potty Learning Item";s:18:"Post New Listing28";s:32:"MENSTRUAL PRODUCT_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:37:"HEALTH AND SAFETY ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:32:"GENERAL ACCESSORY_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:38:"BIRTH AND DELIVERY ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:37:"PREGNANCY COMFORT ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:28:"SKINCARE ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:24:"BATH ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:19:"TECH_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:29:"HOUSEHOLD ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:18:"TOY_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:27:"NURSERY ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:29:"FERTILITY ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:28:"CLOTHING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:34:"PREGNANCY LOSS ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:28:"TEETHING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:25:"SLEEP ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:34:"POTTY LEARNING ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:18:"Special Need Title";s:5:"Title";s:27:"SPECIAL NEED_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:33:"SPECIAL NEEDS ITEM_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:44:"SEPARATE_SPECIAL NEEDS ITEM_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:30:"Separate hashtags with commas.";s:23:"SPECIAL NEEDS ITEM_TAGS";s:8:"Hashtags";s:23:"achieve your next badge";s:22:"next credibility level";s:28:"EXPERT REVIEW_TAG_(Keywords)";s:8:"Hashtags";s:39:"SEPARATE_EXPERT REVIEW_TAGS_WITH_COMMAS";s:29:"Separate hashtags with commas";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_37";s:65:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds special need in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_37";s:28:"Adding special need to board";s:71:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this special need.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:88:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding special needs.";s:81:"You have not created any boards yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:59:"You can also add this special need in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:115:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Special Need to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_33";s:70:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds menstrual product in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_33";s:33:"Adding menstrual product to board";s:76:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this menstrual product.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:103:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding menstrual menstrual products.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:64:"You can also add this menstrual product in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:120:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Menstrual Product to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_32";s:75:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds health and safety item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_32";s:38:"Adding health and safety item to board";s:81:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this health and safety item.";s:62:"Please select the board in which you want to add this listing.";s:92:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding health and safety.";s:81:"You have not created any boards yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:69:"You can also add this health and safety item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:125:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Health and Safety Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_30";s:70:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds general accessory in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_30";s:33:"Adding general accessory to board";s:76:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this general accessory.";s:62:"Please select the board in which you want to add this listing.";s:94:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding general accessories.";s:81:"You have not created any boards yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:64:"You can also add this general accessory in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:120:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this General Accessory to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_28";s:76:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds birth and delivery item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_28";s:39:"Adding birth and delivery item to board";s:82:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this birth and delivery item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:93:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding birth and delivery.";s:81:"You have not created any boards yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:70:"You can also add this birth and delivery item in a new wishlist below:";s:52:"You can also add this listing in a new boards below:";s:126:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Birth and Delivery Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_27";s:75:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds pregnancy comfort item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_27";s:38:"Adding pregnancy comfort item to board";s:81:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this pregnancy comfort item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:92:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding pregnancy comfort.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:69:"You can also add this pregnancy comfort item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:125:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Pregnancy Comfort Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_22";s:66:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds skincare item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_22";s:29:"Adding skincare item to board";s:72:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this skincare item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:83:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding skincare.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:60:"You can also add this skincare item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:116:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Skincare Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_17";s:72:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds bottle feeding item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_17";s:35:"Adding bottle feeding item to board";s:78:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this bottle feeding item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:89:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding bottle feeding.";s:81:"You have not created any boards yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:66:"You can also add this bottle feeding item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:122:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Bottle Feeding Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_16";s:63:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds high chair in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_16";s:26:"Adding high chair to board";s:69:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this high chair.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:74:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this activity center.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:69:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this diaper bag.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:72:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this mealtime item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:71:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this baby carrier.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:68:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this stroller1.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:68:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this bath item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:67:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this stroller.";s:61:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this entry.";s:63:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this tech.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:66:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this product.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:76:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this the baby guy item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:67:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this car seat.";s:61:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this entry.";s:81:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this breast feeding product.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:73:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this diapering item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:63:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this blog.";s:61:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this entry.";s:43:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_FOLLOWERS";s:51:"When people add entry to the boards I am following.";s:47:"You have removed this entry from the wishlists:";s:44:"You have removed this entry from the boards:";s:18:"%s wishlist found.";a:2:{i:0;s:16:"%s boards found.";i:1;s:16:"%s boards found.";}s:12:"My Wishlists";s:9:"My Boards";s:9:"Wishlists";s:6:"Boards";s:27:"Wishlists Having Most Items";s:24:"Boards Having Most Items";s:16:"Add To Wishlists";s:13:"Add To Boards";s:26:"View all Wishlists &raquo;";s:23:"View all Boards &raquo;";s:43:"You have added this entry to the wishlists:";s:40:"You have added this entry to the boards:";s:73:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this household item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:62:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this toy.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:71:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this nursery item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:73:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this fertility item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:63:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this test.";s:61:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this entry.";s:72:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this clothing item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:78:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this pregnancy loss item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:72:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this teething item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:69:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this sleep item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:78:"Please select the wishlists in which you want to add this potty learning item.";s:63:"Please select the boards in which you want to add this listing.";s:86:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding high chairs.";s:81:"You have not created any boards yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:57:"You can also add this high chair in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:113:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this High Chair to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_15";s:68:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds activity center in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_15";s:31:"Adding activity center to board";s:91:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding activity centers.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:62:"You can also add this activity center in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:118:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Activity Center to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_14";s:63:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds diaper bag in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_14";s:26:"Adding diaper bag to board";s:86:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding diaper bags.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:57:"You can also add this diaper bag in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:113:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Diaper Bag to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_13";s:66:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds mealtime item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_13";s:29:"Adding mealtime item to board";s:83:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding mealtime.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:60:"You can also add this mealtime item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:116:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Mealtime Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_12";s:65:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds baby carrier in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_12";s:28:"Adding baby carrier to board";s:88:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding baby carriers.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:59:"You can also add this baby carrier in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:115:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Baby Carrier to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:62:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_5";s:62:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds stroller1 in board.";s:63:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_5";s:25:"Adding stroller1 to board";s:85:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding strollers1.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:56:"You can also add this stroller1 in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:112:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Stroller1 to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_21";s:62:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds bath item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_21";s:25:"Adding bath item to board";s:79:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding bath.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:56:"You can also add this bath item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:112:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Bath Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_10";s:59:"Multiple Entry Types - When someone adds stroller in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_10";s:24:"Adding stroller to board";s:84:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding strollers.";s:79:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding entries.";s:55:"You can also add this stroller in a new wishlist below:";s:49:"You can also add this entry in a new board below:";s:111:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Stroller to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:105:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Entry to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_20";s:57:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds tech in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_20";s:20:"Adding tech to board";s:79:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding tech.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:51:"You can also add this tech in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Tech to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:62:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_1";s:60:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds product in board.";s:63:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_1";s:24:"Adding product to boards";s:83:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding products.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:54:"You can also add this product in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:110:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Product to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_19";s:70:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds the baby guy item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_19";s:33:"Adding the baby guy item to board";s:87:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding the baby guy.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:64:"You can also add this the baby guy item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:120:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this The Baby Guy Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:62:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_9";s:59:"Multiple Entry Types - When someone adds car seat in board.";s:63:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_9";s:24:"Adding car seat to board";s:84:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding car seats.";s:79:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding entries.";s:55:"You can also add this car seat in a new wishlist below:";s:49:"You can also add this entry in a new board below:";s:111:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Car Seat to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:105:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Entry to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_11";s:75:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds breast feeding product in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_11";s:38:"Adding breast feeding product to board";s:95:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding breast feeding stuff.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:69:"You can also add this breast feeding product in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:125:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Breast Feeding Product to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_18";s:67:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds diapering item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_18";s:30:"Adding diapering item to board";s:84:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding diapering.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:61:"You can also add this diapering item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:117:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Diapering Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:62:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_2";s:55:"Multiple Entry Types - When someone adds blog in board.";s:63:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_2";s:20:"Adding blog to board";s:80:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding blogs.";s:79:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding entries.";s:51:"You can also add this blog in a new wishlist below:";s:49:"You can also add this entry in a new board below:";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Blog to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:105:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Entry to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:46:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_FOLLOW_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST";s:78:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone start following some other user's board.";s:47:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_FOLLOW_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST";s:34:"Following some other user's board.";s:40:"ACTIVITY_TYPE_FOLLOW_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST";s:35:"When people follow board I created.";s:72:"{item:$subject} has added a new {item:$object:entry} in {var:$wishlist}.";s:72:"{item:$subject} has added a new {item:$object:entry} in {var:$wishlist}.";s:65:"{item:$subject} added {item:$listing} to wishlist {item:$object}:";s:62:"{item:$subject} added {item:$listing} to board {item:$object}:";s:82:"{item:$subject} is following {item:$owner}'s {item:$object:wishlist}: {body:$body}";s:82:"{item:$subject} is following {item:$owner}'s {item:$object:wishlist}: {body:$body}";s:16:"Delete Wishlist?";s:13:"Delete Board?";s:99:"Are you sure that you want to delete this Wishlist? It will not be recoverable after being deleted.";s:96:"Are you sure that you want to delete this Board? It will not be recoverable after being deleted.";s:8:"Wishlist";s:5:"Board";s:49:"This wishlist has been made private by the owner.";s:46:"This board has been made private by the owner.";s:37:"Remove this entry from this Wishlist?";s:34:"Remove this entry from this Board?";s:115:"Are you sure that you want to remove this entry from this Wishlist? It will not be recoverable after being deleted.";s:112:"Are you sure that you want to remove this entry from this Board? It will not be recoverable after being deleted.";s:44:"Your wishlist has been created successfully.";s:41:"Your board has been created successfully.";s:44:"Your wishlist has been deleted successfully.";s:41:"Your board has been deleted successfully.";s:43:"Your wishlist has been edited successfully.";s:40:"Your board has been edited successfully.";s:85:"Nobody has created a wishlist with that criteria. Be the first to %1$screate%2$s one!";s:82:"Nobody has created a board with that criteria. Be the first to %1$screate%2$s one!";s:70:"Nobody has created a wishlist yet. Be the first to %1$screate%2$s one!";s:67:"Nobody has created a board yet. Be the first to %1$screate%2$s one!";s:19:"Create New Wishlist";s:16:"Create New Board";s:15:"Add to Wishlist";s:12:"Add to Board";s:15:"Delete Wishlist";s:12:"Delete Board";s:25:"Remove from this Wishlist";s:22:"Remove from this Board";s:48:"There are currently no entries in this wishlist.";s:45:"There are currently no entries in this board.";s:105:"Create your message with the form given below. (This message will be sent to the owner of this Wishlist.)";s:102:"Create your message with the form given below. (This message will be sent to the owner of this Board.)";s:15:"Add To Wishlist";s:12:"Add To Board";s:13:"Wishlist Name";s:10:"Board Name";s:26:"Who may see this wishlist?";s:23:"Who may see this board?";s:16:"Add New Wishlist";s:13:"Add New Board";s:13:"Wishlist Note";s:10:"Board Note";s:13:"Edit Wishlist";s:10:"Edit Board";s:73:"Edit your wishlist over here and then click on "Save Changes" to save it.";s:70:"Edit your board over here and then click on "Save Changes" to save it.";s:113:"Please fill the form below and then click on 'Tell a Friend' button to let your friends know about this Wishlist.";s:110:"Please fill the form below and then click on 'Tell a Friend' button to let your friends know about this Board.";s:60:"This entry has been removed successfully from this wishlist!";s:57:"This entry has been removed successfully from this board!";s:67:"Please enter the wishlist title otherwise remove the wishlist note.";s:61:"Please enter the board title otherwise remove the board note.";s:18:"Following Wishlist";s:15:"Following Board";s:18:"Un-follow Wishlist";s:15:"Un-follow Board";s:15:"Follow Wishlist";s:12:"Follow Board";s:58:"Nobody has created a wishlist yet. Be the first to %s one!";s:55:"Nobody has created a board yet. Be the first to %s one!";s:45:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_LIKE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST";s:30:"When I liked the listing board";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_36";s:67:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds household item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_36";s:30:"Adding household item to board";s:84:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding household.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:61:"You can also add this household item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:117:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Household Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_35";s:56:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds toy in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_35";s:19:"Adding toy to board";s:79:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding toys.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:50:"You can also add this toy in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:106:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Toy to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_34";s:65:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds nursery item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_34";s:28:"Adding nursery item to board";s:82:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding nursery.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:59:"You can also add this nursery item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:115:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Nursery Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_31";s:67:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds fertility item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_31";s:30:"Adding fertility item to board";s:84:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding fetrility.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:61:"You can also add this fertility item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:117:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Fertility Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:62:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_7";s:55:"Multiple Entry Types - When someone adds test in board.";s:63:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_7";s:20:"Adding test to board";s:80:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding tests.";s:79:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding entries.";s:51:"You can also add this test in a new wishlist below:";s:49:"You can also add this entry in a new board below:";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Test to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:105:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Entry to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:31:"People Who Follow This Wishlist";s:28:"People Who Follow This Board";s:32:"Friends Who Follow This Wishlist";s:29:"Friends Who Follow This Board";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_29";s:66:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds clothing item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_29";s:29:"Adding clothing item to board";s:83:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding clothing.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:60:"You can also add this clothing item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:116:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Clothing Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_26";s:72:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds pregnancy loss item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_26";s:35:"Adding pregnancy loss item to board";s:89:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding pregnancy loss.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:66:"You can also add this pregnancy loss item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:122:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Pregnancy Loss Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_25";s:66:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds teething item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_25";s:29:"Adding teething item to board";s:83:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding teething.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:60:"You can also add this teething item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:116:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Teething Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_24";s:63:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds sleep item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_24";s:26:"Adding sleep item to board";s:80:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding sleep.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:57:"You can also add this sleep item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:113:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Sleep Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";s:63:"ADMIN_ACTIVITY_TYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_23";s:72:"Multiple Listing Types - When someone adds potty learning item in board.";s:64:"_ACTIVITY_ACTIONTYPE_SITEREVIEW_WISHLIST_ADD_LISTING_LISTTYPE_23";s:35:"Adding potty learning item to board";s:89:"You have not created any wishlist yet. Get Started by creating and adding potty learning.";s:80:"You have not created any board yet. Get Started by creating and adding listings.";s:66:"You can also add this potty learning item in a new wishlist below:";s:51:"You can also add this listing in a new board below:";s:122:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Potty Learning Item to your wishlist. Please try again after sometime.";s:107:"Oops! Something went wrong and you can not add this Listing to your board. Please try again after sometime.";}}